Server: Don't throw validation error while creating remote relationship joining singular type with array type (#5603)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- server: add logs for action handlers
- server: add request/response sizes in event triggers (and scheduled trigger) logs (#5463)
- server: change startup log kind `db_migrate` to `catalog_migrate` (#5531)

> - server: allow remote relationships joining `type` column with `[type]` input argument as spec allows this coercion (fixes #5133)

Reviewer: oops, can you push this to Next release section also?

Author: Sure

> - server: don't throw validation error when creating remote relationships joining singleton type with array type with same base type (fixes #5133)

Reviewer 2: Does this really close 5133? I don't see any mention of list types there..

Author: Yes, it does. The issue doesn't mention anything about the list type, because the error message thrown is incorrect. Ideally, the error message should have been 

```Error remote relationship: cannot validate remote relationship because expected type \"[Int]\" but got \"Int\" ```

instead of 

```Error remote relationship: cannot validate remote relationship because expected type \"Int\" but got \"Int\"```

The reason the list notation is omitted from the error message because of this [line](https://github.com/hasura/graphql-engine/blob/ea76e7840eaf2da68c7170a3d55cccf60083954b/server/src-lib/Hasura/RQL/DDL/RemoteRelationship/Validate.hs#L68)

This PR solves that issue.

Author: This error message can occur in another case too, while joining an `[Int]` type to a `Int` type, where the validation is justified but the error message will be the same 

```Error remote relationship: cannot validate remote relationship because expected type \"Int\" but got \"Int\"``` 

which is not very helpful. 

I'll fix the error message.

Author: > Also, is this deficient in other ways according to the spec?

Yes, it was. My patch would have allowed to make a remote relationship joining types `[[Int]]` and `[[[Int]]]`, which is illegal, as specified in the GraphQL spec.

I have fixed this in the next commit

> - server: don't throw validation error when creating remote relationships joining singleton type with array type with same base type (fixes #5133)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- server: allow remote relationships joining `type` column with `[type]` input argument as spec allows this coercion (fixes #5133)
```
